Mom
I'll teach this a lesson, I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
Frog in the Well
scum
You've just come back from abroad and you're making trouble again
How amazing do you think you are?
Open the cage and leave it alone
Ah, now the poor still have time
Aren't you the girl of the whole room?
I'm looking for you so much.
Uh-huh.
I pretend to be my life and death
My mom only has one.
That was me!
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Yeah.
This kid is learning harder admissions
Such a talented scum
Knock him down with a roundhouse kick
I don't have to play roundhouse against him yet
You oops
Your divorce rate
Something is dodged now
superhuman power
It turned out to be superhuman power
Impossible absolutely impossible
superhuman power
Your life is beyond control